.TH TRUSTMUX 1 "2026-06-09" "trustmux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
trustmux \- manage the Trustmux daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B trustmux
.I COMMAND
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B trustmux
is the single command-line interface for the Trustmux daemon — a lightweight
server that lets you monitor and interact with your tmux/Byobu sessions from
a phone browser over your Tailscale network.
.PP
All operations are subcommands of
.BR trustmux :
initial setup, starting and stopping the daemon, login-hook management, and
device pairing.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS "Daemon lifecycle"
.TP
.B setup
One-time setup: verify Tailscale is installed and connected, then configure
.B tailscale serve
for HTTPS on port 7432.
.TP
.B start
Start the daemon in HTTPS mode via
.B tailscale serve
(default, recommended).
.TP
.B start\-local
Start the daemon bound to 127.0.0.1 only, for access via an SSH port-forward.
No TLS certificate is generated; the tunnel provides encryption.
.TP
.B start\-direct
Start the daemon with a self-signed TLS certificate, binding on all interfaces
for LAN/direct access without Tailscale.
.TP
.B stop
Send SIGTERM to the running daemon.
Tailscale serve configuration is left in place.
.TP
.B restart
Stop then start the daemon in HTTPS mode.
.TP
.B status
Show whether the daemon is running and the URL to connect to.
.TP
.B log
Tail the daemon log at
.IR ~/.config/trustmux/trustmux.log .
.SS "Login hook"
.TP
.B enable
Run first-time setup if needed, start the daemon, and install a hook in the
user's shell login file
.RI ( ~/.profile ,
.IR ~/.bash_profile ,
or
.IR ~/.zprofile )
so the daemon starts automatically on each login.
.TP
.B disable
Stop the running daemon and remove the login hook so the daemon no longer
starts automatically.
Paired device tokens are preserved.
.SS "Device pairing"
.TP
.B pair
Ask the running daemon to generate a one-time 6-digit pairing code (valid for
3 minutes) and display it along with the URL your phone should open.
If
.BR qrencode (1)
is installed, a QR code is printed for one-scan pairing.
The screen is cleared on the next keypress to keep the pairing URL out of the
terminal scroll-back.
.TP
.B unpair
List all currently paired devices (IP address, browser label, and pairing
time) and offer an interactive menu to remove one or all of them.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B setup \-\-quiet
Suppress the "Next steps" output after a successful setup.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/trustmux/trustmux.log
Daemon log file.
.TP
.I ~/.config/trustmux/trustmux.pid
PID file written at daemon startup.
.TP
.I ~/.config/trustmux/trustmux.sock
Admin Unix socket used by
.B pair
and
.BR unpair .
.TP
.I ~/.config/trustmux/tokens.json
Paired device session tokens (mode 0600).
.TP
.I ~/.config/trustmux/machines.json
Optional: sibling machine list for the in-app machine selector.
.SH EXAMPLES
Typical first-time setup:
.PP
.RS
.nf
trustmux setup
trustmux enable
trustmux pair
.fi
.RE
.PP
Daily use:
.PP
.RS
.nf
trustmux status
trustmux restart
trustmux log
.fi
.RE
.SH SECURITY
.SS "Pairing code"
The one-time pairing code is a 6-digit decimal value drawn from
.BR secrets.randbelow (1,000,000),
giving 1,000,000 possible values.
The code is valid for 3 minutes.
After three incorrect guesses the code is immediately invalidated and a new one
must be generated with
.BR "trustmux pair" .
The hard 3-attempt lockout makes brute-force infeasible: an attacker has a
0.0003% chance of success per pairing window, and each new window requires
the machine owner to run
.B trustmux pair
again.
An incorrect guess also incurs a 0.5-second artificial delay.
.SS "Session tokens"
After a successful pairing the daemon issues a 256-bit URL-safe session token
.RB ( secrets.token_urlsafe (32))
stored in
.I ~/.config/trustmux/tokens.json
(mode 0600) and delivered to the browser as an
.BR httponly ,
.B SameSite=Strict
cookie.
Tokens are validated with a constant-time comparison to prevent timing attacks.
Sessions expire after 90 days of inactivity and can be revoked at any time with
.BR "trustmux unpair" .
.SS "Network exposure"
In the default
.B start
mode the daemon binds only to the Tailscale IP (100.x.x.x), so the pairing
endpoint is unreachable from the public internet or from other local-network
devices.
In
.B start\-direct
mode the daemon binds on all interfaces; the pairing-code and session-token
protections above remain in force, but the network attack surface is broader.
In
.B start\-local
mode the daemon binds to 127.0.0.1 only and is accessible solely through an
explicit SSH port-forward.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR trustmuxd (1),
.BR tailscale (1),
.BR tmux (1),
.BR byobu (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Dustin Kirkland <kirkland@ubuntu.com>
