.TH byobu\-select\-session 1 "12 Jan 2010" byobu "byobu"
.SH NAME
byobu\-select\-session \- select and connect to a byobu session

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbyobu\-select\-session\fP is an application that lists the available screen sessions running on the system, and prompts the user to select one.  The user also has the option to create a new Byobu session, or launch the default shell without Byobu.

If an invalid selection is chosen 3 times in a row, the user is connected to the youngest session.

By default, if only one session exists, the user is connected to that session, and if no sessions exist, a new session is created -- such that there is no interactive prompt in the normal behavior.  However, some users may choose to always be prompted, by touching the file $BYOBU_CONFIG_DIR/.always-select.

Note that BYOBU_CONFIG_DIR=$HOME/.byobu.

Named sessions that begin with a "." are "hidden" from \fBbyobu\-select\-session\fP(1).  This is useful, for instance, if you do not want a session to be automatically selected at login.  Example:
  byobu \-S .hidden

.SH "FILES"
\fI$BYOBU_CONFIG_DIR/.always-select\fP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PD 0
.TP
\fBbyobu\fP(1), \fBscreen\fP(1)

.TP
\fIhttp://byobu.org\fP
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
This manpage and the utility were written by Dustin Kirkland <kirkland@byobu.org> for Ubuntu systems (but may be used by others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document and the utility under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 published by the Free Software Foundation.

The complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in \fI/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL\fP on Debian/Ubuntu systems, or in \fI/usr/share/doc/fedora-release-*/GPL\fP on Fedora systems, or on the web at \fIhttp://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt\fP.
