.TH byobu-ugraph 1 "16 Dec 2013" byobu "byobu"
.SH NAME
\fBbyobu\-ugraph\fP \- helper script for notification history graphs

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBbyobu\-ugraph\fP is a helper script that can be used to create history graphs

.SH USAGE
\fBbyobu\-ugraph\fP [options] [command [args...]]

.SH OPTIONS
  -f <file>   : File to read data points from.  (only required if no command specified).
  -h          : Show this help.
  -m <num>    : Minimum value (default=$min_default).
  -n          : Supress output of newline character.
  -p <points> : Specify number of data points in graph (default=$points_default).
  -r          : Do not rotate file <file> (default is to rotate).  Option implies file <file> should not be written to so a command cannot follow script options in this case.
  -t <theme>  : 'byobu-ulevel' theme to use (default=$theme_default).
  -x <num>    : Maximum value (default=$max_default).

.SH EXAMPLES
Using byobu-ugraph to run a command, rotate log and display graph.

Here we specify a command to display available memory.  Trailing echo adds a required newline Note no filename specified.

    byobu-ugraph "(/usr/lib/byobu/mem_used | sed -e 's/% //g';echo)"

Using byobu-ugraph just to rotate log and display the graph

    file=/tmp/load.dat
    awk '{ print $1}' /proc/loadavg >> $file
    # Note: we need to specify what we consider to be a "reasonable" maximum load
    byobu-ugraph -m 3.0 -f $file

.SH NOTES

If you specify 'command', care must be taken with shell quoting to avoid expansion prior to this script running the command.

If '-r' is not specified, the file <file> will be rotated such that at most <points> lines are retained on each invocation of this script.

.SH SEE ALSO

\fBbyobu\fP(1)

.TP
\fIhttp://byobu.org\fP
.PD

.SH AUTHOR
This utility was written by James Hunt <james.hunt@canonical.com>, and this manpage was written by Dustin Kirkland <kirkland@byobu.org> for Ubuntu systems (but may be used by others).  Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document and the utility under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 3 published by the Free Software Foundation.

The complete text of the GNU General Public License can be found in \fI/usr/share/common-licenses/GPL\fP on Debian/Ubuntu systems, or in \fI/usr/share/doc/fedora-release-*/GPL\fP on Fedora systems, or on the web at \fIhttp://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.txt\fP.
